hello youtube I hope you are very
well in this video I will show you a
excellent widget to show the time
of life on the battery of your device
android
this will be another video in which they
I show an example of customization
Quick and easy for your phone or
Android tablet and this time they
I will show a widget from which I received
many questions in the comments of
my videos past the widget that I
I mean it's just the one they're seeing in
screen as you can observe what
this shows us is the percentage of
remaining battery in our device
and what makes this widget different
of the rest is that it looks amazing and that
has a wide list of options
to be able to modify it to our liking and
make it fit perfectly to the
customization that we want to achieve in
our device the name of this
widget is sweep reborn and in the
description of this video you will find the
link to it so you can download it
directly from google play once
download it just go to the
section of widgets and look for it and once
who find it can add it to
any of your screens
just like any other widgets for
configure it simply they should
in it and a wide list of options
will appear and something that makes things easier
even more is that this widget has a menu
available in Spanish within this
options menu we can modify
virtually every aspect of the widget in
the first tab we can decide what
is what we want to see inside the
circle either the remaining percentage of
battery or it can also be time
remaining use and in this part also
we can select the background color
for the circle and the color of the
numbers and letters another of the options
most useful is the battery line
remaining here we can select the
color of the line surrounding the circle
just like its thickness and this widget is
so customizable that we can even
add a shadow to its outline and
also decide what color we want
let this shadow be
It should be noted that this widget is also
can be added to the screens of
unblocking and personally consider
which makes them look very attractive
and a quality of personalization that
It should also be noted that this
widget allows us to select what
action we want to happen when
we press so as I mentioned
before this is probably the widget of
more complete and customizable battery
today the reality is that you can
make this widget adapt to the
perfection to your android is simply
question that you play with the options
of configuration until you achieve the
result that you like the most and before
finish with this video I want to mention
so quickly that this widget also
includes a section of tabs in the
which we found more customization
advanced as well as specific data
related to the use of the battery in
the device and to enter this
section you should simply slide your
notification center and here it will be
where can you find her do not forget
like this video and let me know
in the comments what do you think of this
widget and if you plan to download it if you
I like this video do not forget to like it
share it on your social networks and
subscribe to the channel
in the next sticky tech video